Version 1.2.3

Memory leak fixes for CE functions.

Version 1.2.2

Updated tests

Version 1.2.1

Fixed the behavior of BaseType::read()

Version 1.2.0

Updated to create netcdf4 files when transmitter selected is netcdf-4. 
Fixed UNIT16 mappings. 
Improvements to tests and production rules
Repaired an "on exit" memory leak.

Version 1.1.3

Fixes the issue that caused error with hdf4/hdf5 handlers.

Version 1.1.2

Build and test fixes.

Version 1.1.1

Build fixes.

Version 1.1.0 (14 Spet 2010)

Added support for Sequences.

Support for HDF4 files (and others) where arrays with the same base
names appear in seveal places. The code now handles DAP's lexical
scoping correctly.

Version 1.0.1 (04 May 2010)

This release includes a complete rewrite of the code, but with the same
functionaility.

A bug was fixed for shared dimensions. It was that a dimension could be
shared if it had the same name, the same size, and belonged to an array
of the same dimensionality. The last requirements was removed. A
dimension can be shared if it has the same name and size as another now.

Version 1.0.0 (02 February 2010)

This release is a bug fix release, with memory leaks cleaned up, fortify
security issues resolved, and shared dimensions cleaned up.

From the TODO list below:
1.  FONc.Tempdir=/tmp parameter added to the fileout_netcdf configuration. And the filename used for the temporary file is randomly generated.
2. debug statements added using the BESDebug method, using the context
fonc. For debugging fileout_netcdf, use -d "bes.dbg,fonc"
3. Correct exceptions generated and returned to the client as with any
of the other modules.
4. Writing of attributes is done as part of creating the variables,
instead of a separate pass, as was done before.
5. bes-testsuite created to use besstandalone application for running
and testing fileout_netcdf capabilities. Also added unit tests.

Still left TODO:
1. Handling of sequence data
2. Further cleanup of shared dimensions.

Version 0.9.3 (09 June 2009)

Fix for ticket 1300 - some Grids from HDF4 files were not represented
correctly. This is an important update because the handler was returning
incorrect data values and variable sizes.

Version 0.9.2 (08 April 2009)

Many new capabilities. The handler does not process Sequences, but it can
process a response that contains them - an attribute will be added that
indicates that a sequence was found and left out (elided) from the netCDF
file.

Among the many new tweaks, the resulting file contains names compatible with
netCDF 3.6.2.

Version 0.9.0

It's brand new. Still to do: Seqences. This contains no explicit support CF,
although that's slated for a future version.

TODO:
- Create a testsuite that is stand alone, not requiring any other modules
  except the dap modules.
- Need to be able to write out Sequence data.

